#labels Featured
===J5Console is a javascript console API for javascript web developer for both client and service interactive.===

=Features:=

==I. Browser supported:==
 * Firefox: 2.x/3.0.x/3.1.x beta 3
 * Internet explorer 6.0
 * Safari 3.1

==II. API Implemented:==
 * *Window manager API implement*
  * Move/drag and drop console window.
  * Resize.
  * Shade toggle enabled.
 * *Commandline implement*
  * Auto suggestion command using popup.
  * Navigation suggestion command list.
  * History implement.
 * *Global shortcut supported.*

==II. Current support shortcut:==
 * *Commandline mode:*
  * *Suggesstion poup is visible:*
   * Tab/enter when suggestion poup is visible will apply selected suggestion command
   * Arrows key will using for navigate select up/down command in suggestion popup.
   * Escape will make suggestion popup invisible.
  * *Suggesstion popup is not visible:*
   * Tab will do analyze suggestion command and show the suggestion popup if suggestion commands are found.
   * Enter will execute current command in the commandline.
   * Arrows key will using for navigate history command.
   * Escape will clear part of current command in commandline.
 * *Global:*
  * Toggle console window visible using Ctrl + <.> (Ctrl + dot key).
Mac user using command key instead of Ctrl.

==TODO list:==
 * Test and make compatible more browsers.
 * Improve html dom inspector include DOM, css, html properties.
 * Improve javascript inspector.
 * Improve javascript editor embbed